the rules were wrong or is good for
business in fact the war cost us
everything
we are broken and scattered but we live
on one day some really than FEMEN air
will change the rules and revive them we
will rise again
the Alliance was a wise investment our
enemies have fallen and their wealth is
in our pockets
now allies seem content to maintain the
status at least for the present we of
course know better
forty-eight reminds us the bigger the
smell the sharper the knife when they
were tired of peace we will be ready for
them war after all is good for business
we are stronger than ever
and nothing can stop us the markets are
bullish and the entire town sees our
consumer base the Ferengi economy is
stronger than through careful planning
and ruthless marketing strategies the
competition has been eliminated
let's we improve the peace war is good
for business
the time has come to look for profit in
other galaxies we must remember me
242 more is good is better
the Ferengi commerce authority control
according to the rules there are laws
dealer trading partners than there were
before but we will find others we found
a way to trap between star systems we
will find a way to travel between
galaxies and we will find a way take
their money